    Care and diligence bring luck.

    Thomas Fuller



    Everything yields to diligence.

    Antiphanes



    He who would do some great thing in this short life, must apply himself to the work with such a concentration of his forces as to the idle spectators, who live only to amuse themselves, looks like insanity.

    John Foster






    Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand.  The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.

    Alexander Graham Bell



    What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.

    Samuel Johnson



    I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.

    Charles Dickens






    Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.

    Confucius



    Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.

    Thomas Carlyle



    There is no short cut to achievement.  Life requires thorough preparation -- veneer isn't worth anything.

    George Washington Carver






    When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there.

    Zig Ziglar



    That's been one of my mantras -- focus and simplicity.  Simple can be harder than complex:  You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple.  But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.

    Steve Jobs



    Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.

    Victor Hugo






    There’s only one way to succeed in anything, and that is to give it everything.

    Vincent Lombardi



    Success is no accident.  It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.

    Pele



    You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.

    Maya Angelou






    Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan Press On! has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.

    Calvin Coolidge



    Look at a stone cutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred-and-first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not the last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.

    Jacob A. Riis



    Take up one idea.  Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea.  Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone.  This is the way to success.

    Swami Vivekananda






    Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.

    Benjamin Disraeli



    It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer.

    Albert Einstein



    I will persist until I succeed. Always will I take another step. If that is of no avail I will take another, and yet another. In truth, one step at a time is not too difficult. I know that small attempts, repeated, will complete any undertaking.

    Og Mandino






    Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. But it’s not. It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way. The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.

    Barack Obama



    Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.

    Franklin D. Roosevelt



    When you get into a tight place, and everything goes against you till it seems as if you couldn’t hold on a minute longer, never give up then, for that’s just the place and time that the tide’ll turn.

    Harriet Beecher Stowe






    A failure is not always a mistake. It may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.

    B. F. Skinner



    The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.

    Chinese Proverb



    The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.

    Vince Lombardi






    In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins -- not through strength but by perseverance.

    H. Jackson Brown



    The miracle, or the power, that elevates the few is to be found in their industry, application, and perseverance under the prompting of a brave, determined spirit.

    Mark Twain



    One important key to success is self-confidence.  An important key to self-confidence is preparation.

    Arthur Ashe






    Never, never, never, never give up.

    Winston Churchill



    I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.

    Albert Einstein



    Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.  Only through the experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.

    Helen Keller






    Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.

    Julie Andrews



    Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.

    John Quincy Adams



    Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.

    Alexander Graham Bell






    Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.

    Louis Pasteur



    Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.

    Robert Collier



    You go on. You set one foot in front of the other, and if a thin voice cries out, somewhere behind you, you pretend not to hear, and keep going.

    Geraldine Brooks






    If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.

    Samuel Johnson



    Champions keep playing until they get it right.

    Billie Jean King



    Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.

    Benjamin Disraeli






    If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.

    Martin Luther King, Jr.



    Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.

    Henry Wadsworth Longfellow



    If you are going through hell, keep going.

    Winston Churchill






    When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.

    Isak Dinesen



    The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That’s real glory. That’s the essence of it.

    Vince Lombardi



    Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.

    Orison Swett Marden






    Courage doesn’t always roar, sometimes it’s the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering I will try again tomorrow.

    Mary Anne Radmacher



    You aren’t going to find anybody that’s going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance.

    Lou Holtz



    A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence.

    Jim Watkins






    It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.

    Confucius



    There are two ways of attaining an important end, force and perseverance; the silent power of the latter grows irresistible with time.

    Sophie Swetchine



    I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.

    John D. Rockefeller






    To succeed, you must have tremendous perseverance, tremendous will. “I will drink the ocean,” says the persevering soul; “at my will mountains will crumble up.” Have that sort of energy, that sort of will; work hard, and you will reach the goal.

    Swami Vivekananda



    I think that, as life is action and passion, it is required of a man that he should share the passion and action of his time at peril of being judged not to have lived.

    Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
